Happy Birthday, Mrs. Diskin! Thanks for being the best cs teacher and I hope you’ll have an amazing birthday!!
Happy birthday Mrs. Diskin! Thank you for being very nice. Have a great birthday!
Happy birthday Mrs. Diskin!!! You’re the best :)))
Happy birthday Mrs.Diskin!!! You are the best in Minesweeper!
Happy birthday Mrs.Diskin!! Thanks for teaching me python and java!
HAVE AN AWESOME BIRTHDAY MRS. DISKIN!!! Thank you for teaching me how to code throughout high school.
Happy birthday Mrs. Diskin!!! Thank you for being an amazing teacher and letting me be a part of your class during my free!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MS DISKIN!! Thank you for doing everything that you do and being an overall awesome and fun teacher!
Happy Birthday Ms. Diskin! Thank you for letting me do my own projects during class these past two years and just being a fun teacher!
Happy birthday Mrs. Diskin! Thanks for starting my minesweeper addiction!
Happy birthday Mrs. Diskin! Thanks for teaching me java and python to prepare me for college! 
Happy Birthday Mrs. Diskin!!!!!! Thanks for making ACP an interesting and fun class! We wish you a happy and healthy year!   
Happy Birthday Mrs. Diskin! Thank you for teaching me computer science the past years! I hope you have a great birthday.
Happy birthday Mrs. Diskin! Thank you for letting me eat during ACP and for popping in during my csa class.
Happy birthday Ms. Diskin!!! Thank you for being such a fun and cool teacher! Your class has been the best!
Happy Birthday Mrs. Diskin! Thank you for being such an amazing and supportive teacher for me last year in CSA, and for letting me hang out in your classroom this year!
Happy birthday Ms.Diskin!! I’ve been so lucky to have you as my teacher for the past two years and your class has been filled with lots of fun and joy because of you. I hope this birthday is your best one so far!
Happy Birthday Ms. Diskin!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MS DISKIN!!! 🥳🥳🥳🫶💜
Happy Birthday Mrs. Diskin!! I'm so glad to have had you as my teacher for two years! I deeply admire your compassion for your students. You're an incredible person, and you always bring a smile to my face :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MRS. DISKIN!!!!! I am so grateful to have you as a teacher in my life. Your classroom has one of the most uniquely precious environments I have experienced; it’s a place of comfort, laughs, learning, and, of course, crosswords. Thank you for providing me with something to look forward to each day. I hope you have a FANTABULOUS birthday!! <3

